16/10/2025

alright, so. i'm assuming you read these notes too when trying to fix things that are borked?
anyways, the problems might not be the stupid, enum enun bullshit
that might be me making myself confused.
and for the record, the problem is, according to the code itself,
"The name 'PerfilEnum' does not exist in the current context"
which should be checked up on PerfilEnums.cs, i think.
don't take my word as gospel though.

21/10/2025
shit is still fucked, gang!
i did also figure something out which is really choking my motivation
apperently, the next step after this thing is delt with
is to try to customize something so THAT works properly
but the THING IS.
EVOLUA SKIPS IT, SO WE ARE LEFT IN THE DARK ABOUT THIS!!!!!!
i'm going to kill something. somethings life ends with ME.
on the plus side the ai that keeps trying to help me is kinda funny
its as suicidal as we are :D'
sidenote, what is with this stupid ' changing the color of the text anyways'
if i knew how to do it on purpose it'd be permanently be purple
but i don't so it just swaps to red every time the ' symbol shows up.'
fun.

23/10/2025
well well well
if it isn't the actions of evoluas consequences.
something is borked and we don't really know... WHERE to begin
because it skipped all of the things.
we know that whatever changes evolua made WORKS.
or, works according to the site.
which isn't really trust worthy so.
i'm going to eat a house.
what in the fuck????

alright, so
note for future mes.
if any one of you fuckers decide to SKIP PUTTING IN A FEATURE THAT THE CLASS ASKS YOU TO
at the very least write down what you decided to skip over.
because thanks to one of yalls stuipd decision, we forgot to put a PASSWORD in a LOGIN PAGE.

...HOLD ON.
NO! IT WASN'T PAST ME BEING A JACK ASS!
EVOLUA FORGOT TO PUT IN THE PART WHERE WE PUT IN A PASSWORD!!!!!
i should STILL write down if i skip over some shit but.
i officially take 0% of the blame, and evolua can suck my nuts
we also have a brand new error, relating to the fact that the password doesn't. want to password.

28/10/25

ya know what i ain't raelly feeling it
i do NOT want to deal with the Horrors without a BIT of ac.
and also things are still irrepairibly broken, so.
we both agree to call it a day.
still, let's try to NOT make this an habit.
if we get TOO lazy, we'll never get things done.
and by we i mean me exclusively since you are Responsible Adult, so.
you kinda have to do this at some point.

30/10/25
okay so we fixed a fuckton of problems!
we also apperently need toooooooooooo make the password hidden despite the fact that the passwords being able to be changed, so.
still, for once in our life, this was a GOOD PRODUCTIVE DAY!
we aren't sending any curses to future us today.
so yeah, if we can fix the password issue, we should be peachy!